but so says cake of mind
inevitably opens a world of
memories
start by blowing the apples we divide them
in slices we take away the core we have
we remove small bits that
we will let it rest with some juice
lemon not to make them rings now
beat the egg with the sugar until
make it frothy add art e
of the butter we melted earlier
add half a packet of yeast a
flour mix the powders well
together and we begin to join the compound
add the remaining milk until
obtain a creamy and non-creamy consistency
too liquid
and at this point to perfume
further our dough one
beautiful grated lemon zest
we poke the apples from the lemon juice
and pour them directly into the dough
we amalgamate everything and the over we are in
a baking mold we have
previously buttered and floured
as we have seen the dough must not
be excessively liquid in that
the penalty during cooking will release the
his on who we are ready for the oven
then 180 degrees for about 30 minutes
after cooking time
let it cool for about an hour
before serving
and here it is apple pie a
classic between the three times